# RR1003: Step text cannot have leading or trailing whitespace

## Cause
A method is decorated with one of the Reqnroll step binding attributes and has specified a string to bind to, but the text contains leading or trailing whitespace characters.

## Description
When a method is decorated with a step attribute, the Reqnroll system adds it to the list of available step definitions. When binding steps in examples to step definitions, the text specified in the binding attribute is used to match the step text. If the attribute specifies the text value with leading whitespace characters, those characters are included in the text when considering matches against step definitions.

When Reqnroll is binding steps to step definitions, it considers everything after the keyword as text to be matched against step definition patterns. It trims whitespace from the start and end of the step text before attempting to match it to a definition. This means that including leading or trailing whitespace in a step definition will cause it to not be possible to be bound to a step method, even if the step text includes additional whitespace.

> [!NOTE]
> Gherkin requires a space character (U+0020) after a step keyword (such as `Given`, `When` or `Then`) so Reqnroll automatically consumes that space character when matching steps in a feature.

In the following example, the step text includes both a leading and trailing space character:

```CSharp
[When(" maker starts a game ")]
public void WhenMakerStartsAGame()
{
}
```

## How to fix
Remove the leading and trailing whitespace from the text.

```CSharp
[When("maker starts a game")]
public void WhenMakerStartsAGame()
{
}
```
